#1.An old lady kept her bank account number(s) written in different pages of hr diary as shown below.
How many different account number has she written?
Ans:-1. 1 account numbers-all entries are the same

#2.A website list contact details in four different place as shown below
How many sets for contact details does the website list
Ans:-2.just 1-all set are the same

#3. A stealth submarine in enemy waters made four distress call and sent out four coded signals as shown below.
How many different coded signal did the submarine send out
Ans:-1.just 1-all coded signals are the same.

#4. How many words and punctiation marks are different between the two statement
statement A:The children in the choir sung,"the apple tart is nice, in rooms without mice!"
statement B:The children in the choir snug,"the apple tart is mice, in rooms without nice!"
Ans:-3.There are three differences between statement A and statement B.

#5.It was snowing heavily outside. Mark had a pullover on, Eric was wearing a new woolen sweater. 
Maurine was wearing cotton slacks paired with a pashmina, full-sleeve top. 
Elle looked cool in a pink leather jacket. Mark and Elle were wearing sneakers, 
Maurine had her boots on, and Eric refused to wear any footwear other than his favorite pair of flip flops.


Who among the four had wet feet from the snow? was snowing heavily outside. Mark had a pullover on,
 Eric was wearing a new woolen sweater. Maurine was wearing cotton slacks paired with a pashmina, full-sleeve top. 
Elle looked cool in a pink leather jacket. 
Mark and Elle were wearing sneakers, Maurine had her boots on, and Eric refused to wear any footwear other than his favorite pair of flip flops.


Who among the four had wet feet from the snow?
Ans:-1.can not be determined

#6.Matt was hiking with his friends. After sunrise, he wandered out of the campsite and kept walking straight to his right, following a nighthawk.
 After a while, the nighthawk flew off and Matt found he was lost too. He headed back in the opposite direction.
 After walking straight for some time, he could finally see the light of their campfire in the dark night.


Is the above description consistent?


SELECT ONLY ONE 1 

Yes

 2 No
Ans:-Yes

#7.On the far side of town lived an eccentric, old mountaineer. 
He had all his fingers amputated due to frostbite from an avalanche years ago.
 He never used prosthetics, was a loner, and feared none. When a burglar attempted to break into his house recently,
 he took his licensed firearm, ran after him, fired twice, and scared the intruder away.

Is the above description consistent?
SELECT ONLY ONE 1 

Yes

 2 No
Ans:-No